Okay, we're taping.
You have to appreciate that I just got the material by FedEx about 45 minutes ago.
Well, I hope you've read the book by now.
What did you think, Nick?
Well, I'm enjoying my preparation, let's put it that way.
I hope they explain to you what I'm doing.
As I understand it, you're doing an article on fashion.
Well, this publication in the Hamptons, Hamptons Magazine.
Right, I know it.
All right, so I'm writing book features for them this summer.
Oh, great.
And they're doing a special issue on fashion.
Right.
Are you doing the Calvin Klein Obsession book?
I don't know what they're doing, to tell you the truth.
They asked me if I could come up with something on fashion, and so I checked my sources and came up with this book.
I doubt if they're doing Calvin Klein, to be truthful with you.
I don't know much about the magazine, but I suspect that that Calvin Klein book is probably pretty negative.
Whoa.
That's a pretty interesting guess on my part.
So what they do, I haven't really seen many copies of the magazine, but I suspect that that's not the kind of thing they want to do.
No, you'd be surprised.
I think they cover anything that's hot.
Okay, well, I... I mean, I know...
I know you're recording this, so I don't like to say that they like to do puff pieces.
Don't worry about it.
These tapes are strictly mine.
I'm in magazine.
I think you're wonderful.
I always like your covers.
They're nice.
They're cool.
Olivia, these tapes never go anywhere.
I know, I know.
I don't want them to go.
And I've never, let me say, I've never been, let me say, I have never.
Would you say she dared to say that?
Well, let's pan the book.
No, no, no, no.
I'm writing the piece, and it's not a review, so help me here.
Tell me a little bit about it.
the Zen approach to fashion.
All right, let's start with... I mean, you've done two other books.
They have been... All right, well, let's... What we need is some nice, good, cute, quotable quotes, okay?
That's my job.
Okay.
A few sound bites, even if you're not... Well, we are doing...
These are sound bites.
This is how we're going to write this piece.
That's right.
Okay.
First of all, I mean, just for background, okay?
My first book was First Wives Club.
I know the other books.
Okay.
Right.
It's the world of society women.
Unfortunately, they're
dumped by their husbands when they're too old to be, you know, a trophy wife.
I'm happily married to my first wife, by the way.
Excuse me?
I'm happily married to my first wife.
Hey, you're my kind of guy.
I wish I could say I'm happily married to my first husband, but I was the first wife.
I got dumped.
Wow.
So, anyway, the second book was...
about how Hollywood sort of dumps women, makes them the flavor of the month, which was the title, and how women are controlled sort of by the media and how we worship the, what shall I say, the pictures that are put before us, the images that Hollywood and television, that the magazines build for us.
that have very little to do with reality and how it affects women's everyday life.
The main character of the book is a talented actress who gets an Obie Award for her play, but when they take the play to Hollywood,
The point being, when they take the play to Hollywood, it's a middle-aged, dumpy woman's part, and they cast it with a Michelle Pfeiffer type.
So she can't win, and she decides to have $67,000 worth of plastic surgery and moves to Hollywood and becomes the flavor of the month.
So I'm interested in the way that women cope with the demands that society puts on them.
And fashion is very interesting because...
The way people in Overeaters Anonymous say, you know, our addiction is tougher than alcoholism because with alcoholism you can just stop drinking.
But with food you have to eat every day.
Well, what I'm interested in about fashion and clothes with women is women have to get dressed every day.
And for a lot of women, it becomes an obsession.
This doesn't apply to men, does it?
This is strictly women?
Well, I think that they're, in fact, that this is spreading, just like you didn't used to hear about bulimic men, you know, or men who had plastic surgery a generation ago.
You know, now it's happening.
So this stuff does move on down, but it seems to be women at the...
what shall I say, the forefront of the disease.
So you are calling it a disease.
An addiction, shall we say.
I'll tell you, you can quote me on that, but what I did in the book is I tried to differentiate between two...
Two approaches.
There's the positive part of fashion, which is people want to express how they feel about themselves in the way that they look.
And there's a sensuousness to it, and it's fun.
You know, it can be amusing.
I like clothes that have a little humor to them, an edge.
And there's also the very negative side.
I am what I wear.
I am how I look.
This is what I am, and there's nothing more.
And if only I had the right blazer.
I spoke to a woman who said, here's a soundbite for you.
She said she had 16 navy blue blazers.
I mean, I don't know how many other clothes she had.
She had loads.
She said, I have 16 navy blue blazers because, you know, you can never have enough blue blazers.
Now, I mean, I'm not making that up.
No.
And I was shopping.
I used to go to the malls and to department stores, and I would watch women shop.
And they go into, many times, they go into a sort of a daze.
It's almost as if a spell falls over them.
And the ones that fascinated me most, I used to go early, were the ones waiting outside the door.
at 10 a.m.
for the doors to open, sort of like drunks in a bar on 2nd Avenue at 9 in the morning.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yep.
They needed their fix.
They were desperate for their fix.
So let's talk, so you came to, now this is your third book of what, three years?
Well, almost.
Actually, I started writing for Slides Club in 89.
I see.
It didn't come out until 90.
Right.
So you really did want something to fit into the scheme of the two earlier books, right?
Well, I think people write out of their obsessions, to tell you the truth, or most people, most writers.
And this, not fashion per se, but this idea of,
women and their perception of themselves and the way they are um uh manipulated to perceive themselves fascinated me it's just i i don't seem to get tired of how did you start with a story with the concept you're going to do the fashion industry so how did you tell me what you did gee let's see how did it start um
I mean, I know something about the story.
I've had a little time to get to familiarize myself with it.
Yeah, well, you know it's called Fashionably Lady.
Yeah, I've got this stuff, and I even know what Karen is doing.
She's 40, and she's reaching a crisis.
You know, I can't... I can clearly tell you what started me on the first two books.
I'm not sure if I had, like, an epiphany moment...
Oh, wait, wait.
Okay.
Well, this is kind of, this is pretty neurotic.
But okay, I mean, what the hell?
I'll tell you when we go off the record.
How's that?
Sure.
But you can use this, I guess.
I mean, it's demented, but it's no worse than most people, I don't think.
I got my charge card bill one month, and it was for an incredible amount of money.
And I thought there must be a mistake.
And I looked at the charge card, and I went through all the charges, and they were mine.
They were.
Yeah.
And, I mean, it was multiple thousands of dollars.
That's not, not only is that not my, I mean, I was a starving writer for nine years.
Believe me, this was not my, you know, modus operandi.
And I stopped and I said, what happened?
What happened last month?
I mean, not only that, what did I buy?
And why is it that when I go to the closet I never have anything to wear?
And most other women I know feel the same, but I really spent a lot.
What happened?
And I went back and I looked and found that my new book had come out.
I was doing these interviews.
There was a lot of stress.
And it wasn't that I went out and shopped to get something to wear to do an interview.
It wasn't that.
It was just, oh, I got over that.
Or, oh, I have to get over the next one.
And so I went out and bought things.
And, I mean, this isn't anything new.
But when it happened to me, and I think I'm kind of aware of my behavior, you know, I...
I took a look at that bill and I said, wait a second, wait a second.
Wasn't I good enough in the other black slacks that I had?
I'm going to have to go and buy three more pairs.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, what's going on?
So we have the impetus here.
How do you get authenticity now?
Oh, well, when I wrote about New York society women, they said she's obviously one of these society wives who's been dumped.
Then I wrote about Hollywood, and they said, oh, she's a Hollywood insider.
Yeah.
Now I'm hoping, I suppose they may say, oh, she's been in the fashion world.
I do good research.
So tell me a little bit about it.
I'm a pretty good observer of people, and I'm a very good listener, a good listener and a good looker.
I'm not really a good looker, if you take it the other way.
Tell me about the research.
Tell me what you did.
Well, I spoke to a lot of people, particularly the underlings.
I kept away from any of the...
you know, the Jeffrey Dean levels, the Bill Blass levels of people, partly because I didn't want to be sued by anyone, partly because I felt like
You really get the inside poop when you talk to the guys who carry their bags.
Plus, you knew that you were doing something less than positive about the industry.
Well, I can't say that it's totally less than positive.
My character is a designer, and she represents, I think, the creative part, the positive part of fashion.
She wants to find elegant solutions to...
the design and the living problem.
Clothes that make women feel good, that are comfortable, that look nice on them, you know, and she herself is, you know, approaching middle age and she has thighs and she's never going to be a petite, slim, you know, perfect body.
And so she knows the problems that women want to conceal and what they don't want to reveal and what they do want to reveal.
So to me, she's a very positive character.
Unfortunately, she's spent so much of her life on fashion and on developing this business that other parts of her life are very incomplete, including the fact that she can't conceive a child.
Actually, the original title of the book was Designer Jeans.
G-E-N-E-N.
I was just going to say, how do you spell jeans?
Yeah.
So, you know, I mean, she's got the labels.
She's got the designer labels.
She doesn't have the designer jeans, if you know what I mean.
Is this a, obviously, this is not a sympathetic look at the industry, but by the same token, it's not necessarily a...
I mean, you don't savage the industry either, do you?
Yeah, I don't think it's a saving put-down.
But there's an awful lot that's very easy to skewer, that's very funny.
I mean, I don't know if you get a chance to read my other books.
I'd be happy to send you a couple of copies.
I mean, they're fun, because they're funny.
Hollywood, that was easy.
New York Society, that was a cinch.
Fashion, oh my goodness.
I mean, there were so many... You know, I like to... I try to be funny.
I like to write funny books, and I think it's very funny.
Who do you see as your readers?
At the same time, very sad.
You know, there's a scene when the...
the designer, her name is Karen, has hired her daughter's, her niece, her daughter's daughter, I mean her sister's daughter, to work for the summer as an intern.
And the girl can't make friends with the other models because they feel like, you know, she's, it's nepotism and they're resentful.
And so she finally offers to share her sandwich with another one of the models.
And the woman looks at her, the girl looks at her and says, you know, no thanks, you don't have to share your fat with me.
Oh, great.
And she looks at the sandwich and the little teenager says, but it's, you know, diet bread and it's fat-free mayonnaise.
And the model says to her, it's about the only fat-free thing you've got, honey, and gets up and walks away.
So the 16-year-old begins vomiting her lunch every day until she becomes, guess what, the new waif.
And she's rewarded for this aberrant behavior.
Well, that's nothing new.
Who are your readers?
Who do you perceive as the people you're writing for?
Oh, you know, I get a lot of letters.
And I have to say, I'd like to say sort of the hip, you know, working woman who's trying to have it all and is smart enough to know you can't.
You know, I'd like to say that that's, you know, that's the crowd.
You are writing mostly for women, you would acknowledge.
Yeah, I think men read the books, but I think they're a little guilty about it.
I get less mail from them.
One of my favorite readers is a woman who wrote to me from San Francisco, who's a 66-year-old grandmother, who said she was reading the book on the San Francisco trolley and laughing out loud.
And she said it made her look like she was loony.
And there's a lot of the F words in the book.
So I was delighted to hear from this grandma who said she's giving it to her granddaughter as a handbook.
So I think that's nice.
Tell me a little bit about yourself.
A little biographical background, if you could.
I was...
In the corporate world for 12 years, working as a consultant in marketing, mostly for computer companies, but not always.
Consulting in what, generally?
Consulting in marketing.
I see.
I'm sorry you said that.
Go ahead.
And I came to hate the corporate environment so much.
I mean, it was unbearable.
And...
I don't like the sort of male-dominated corporate mentality.
And I thought, well... This is in New York, by the way?
Mm-hmm.
Yes.
I'm a native New Yorker.
So I had enough money.
By the way, I spent the summers in the Hamptons.
Good.
That helps.
Yeah, well, it's true.
I had a house in Amagansett.
And then...
When I quit, I just had enough money to get along for a while.
And when was this?
When did you quit?
Oh, God, 85.
1985, and I gave myself three years to get published.
So you'd been thinking all along, you know, I'd like to write.
I'd like to say that, but I don't think I had the courage to even say that.
It was just that, you know, business went right.
I had some bonus money put away, and I thought it's now or never.
You know, I mean, so my sister had a big estate in East Hampton,
actually right off of Egypt Lane.
I don't want to say the street.
No, no, please don't.
But right off of Egypt Lane.
Do you want to give me her name, or does he rather not?
No, because then they'll come find her.
Okay, fine.
And what was really nice was she gave me the guest house, and I rode out there.
It got pretty cold after about November, since the house wasn't really heated.
I came back to the city.
But I spent two summers out there writing, and it was a nice time.
This is like 86, 87, 85, 86?
86, summer of 86, summer of 87, yes.
So when did you sell the first book?
It took a long time.
The first book didn't sell.
In 1989, I read this awful article in Fortune magazine about how the new thing was for major corporate executives to trade in their old wives for trophy models.
And it just got me so enraged that I started right away.
I started working on First Wives Club.
And the truth is, really, that that sold to the movies.
It sold to Paramount.
before it was sold to a publisher.
No kidding.
Yeah.
So I sent it in.
I sent it in and gotten three rejection slips when Paramount bought it.
And then all three of those publishers called back and said, you know, we think we'd like to reconsider.
Wonderful how that works.
Did you have an agent for that?
It was nice.
It was nice to find.
I don't know, Nick, if you've ever had that experience.
But it was nice to finally get to say, man, man, man, man, man.
I didn't give it to any of them.
Did you have an agent to help you with this?
Yes.
By then I had an agent.
For First Wise Club.
They like to come.
They did send me a little brochure, The Zen Approach to Fashion.
Now that's not from the book itself.
That's this little thing that you wrote.
No, no.
That was because I learned so much talking to stylists and talking to photographers and talking to...
fashion writers and some of the buyers, I thought it would be fun.
They asked me, why don't you put together a little promotional piece?
So really I put together kind of in five, ten pages everything I learned about how to dress.
Not that I'm any fabulous fashion find, but what I'm saying is that
I mean, why I called it the Zen approach to fashion is that I think women need fewer rather than more clothes.
These quotes that you have here from Coco Chanel and Halston, are they in the book or are these things... No, no, they're just a myth.
Are these things that you found during your research, though?
Oh, yeah, I read about every... I don't think it was a designer's life that I left unstudied.
I'm a big research nut.
And do you mention actual people in the book?
Oh, sure.
Karen, my main character, worships Chanel.
She sees, you know, obviously Chanel's been dead for a long time, but she sees Coco as her sort of role model.
And when she was a kid, the rich, drunk old lady down the way used to give her cast-off Chanel
So, you know, it was Chanel who showed her that there was something that she could be.
She didn't know there was such a thing as a fashion designer.
And so throughout the book, we make a lot of references to Chanel.
Do you feel that this is an accurate portrayal of the New York fashion industry?
I think so.
I'm trying.
What you find is there's not a lot of glamour to the business of it.
Karen is working really, really hard.
Unfortunately, she's at that point in her success where because it's a numbers business, she needs an enormous amount of capital
to ship the stuff out the door and get it there in time to the stores.
So she's actually working harder than ever and on the verge of either enormous success or enormous failure.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Well, I think that is the hard work of it and the difficulties of it are very, very realistic and I think that
the glitz and the glamour that people need to impose on it to make it fun.
I mean, here's a good quote.
You take a look at what the fashion designers themselves look like.
They're not particularly attractive people, and because of that, they need to surround themselves with beautiful models, male and female, to make themselves look glamorous.
and their clothes look palatable.
Of course, they set the fashion, too.
They absolutely set the fashion, but if we looked at Gianfranco Ferre and said, well, here he is in one of his suits, people would run screaming from the room.
He's maybe 150 pounds overweight.
He's a great designer.
But do you understand what I'm saying?
Sure.
Oh, absolutely.
The glamour.
One of my characters says, you know, this business isn't about glamour.
It's about a sausage production.
What was that word again?
You have to get the design.
You have to get it into production.
You have to get it delivered.
You hope you get it sold.
And then you have to collect your money and be on to the next season's designs while you're doing all of that.
So I wanted to show the pressure, and the pressure has worn Karen down.
Like all working women, this is where we go move into universality.
It's worn her down, Nick, and here she is over 40, a good career.
And no child and no real family to show for it.
I mean, she has a marriage, and she's very dependent on her marriage, but even that is threatened by her business.
Are there any parallels from your own life in any of these books?
People ask me that, and I think, you know, I'm definitely like some of my characters.
There's no doubt about it, but...
The things that happen to them are not things that have happened to me.
I mean, I'm hitting 40 and I'm childless, so in that sense I'm like Karen.
You know, I have my biological clock ticking very loudly.
Yeah.
And I know what it's like to try and have a career and a marriage and a home life all at one time and also try and look halfway decent, you know.
Not so easy.
But, you know, oh, did my husband ever buy my company stock out from under me and sell me to the highest bidder?
No, you know.
Stuff that happens, I mean, I've never worked in the fashion business, you know.
I have bought more than my share of blazers, but not 20 navy blue ones.
I can promise you that.
Now, again, you can be sure I'll read your book before I get this thing written.
Do you kind of share that the readers say that Judith Krantz does?
Now, she did something, obviously.
She had scruples there one year, which was a fashion book.
That kind of comes to mind.
Did you search for, let's say, that's the same reader, the Judith Krantz reader?
Just describe your fiction.
Well, I'm going to tell you, I'm very proud of this quote, but it's, you know.
Would you please not say that I quoted it?
Sure, that's fine.
Okay, because it's in that little handout.
Somebody said this.
Entertainment Weekly said this about, because people have compared me to, what's her name, Danielle Steele, and to...
And I don't like them.
You know, comparisons are odious.
But here is what they said, that I wield a pen...
far sharper, far wittier, and far hipper than those of her older sisters, Judith Kranz and Jackie Collins.
Well, that must make you feel pretty good.
Well, I memorized that.
Please don't write that, because it sounds so conceited.
But I worked very hard, because I just felt like most of those women's books were stupid.
They bored me, and I think that there's a lot of intelligent women who like a good read that's funny, but that's contemporary, that isn't about some perfectly beautiful woman whose name is Tiffany, who has, I don't know, sable hair and silver eyes.
They never have normal color.
They never have brown hair and brown eyes, and they never have names like Jane or Karen.
And I just wanted to do like a normal woman who has kind of thick thighs but a good sense of humor and a creative drive and, you know, someone you'd like to be friends with, someone you might know, someone you might be friends with right now.
What's the first printing on the book?
Gee, $150,000.
Oh, that's terrific.
Well, let's hope they sell.
Do you have an option on this one?
Not yet.
No.
But you know who's interested?
Tell me, tell me.
But I don't want to screw up the deal here.
Bette Midler.
Well, that'd be great.
Yeah, Bette Midler is dying.
Well, you know, she's a wisecracking New York girl.
Uh-huh.
But now, don't put this in, okay?
This part?
No, I don't.
You promise?
I promise.
Okay.
My lawyer said, yeah, she went to hell in a handbasket for the boys.
You don't want her touching this thing.
Anyway, she's with Disney, and they're very cheap.
Don't put that in either.
Don't worry.
But, you know, she's looking for a vehicle, and I could see her doing it.
Let's see if we can get some, is it a New York story?
Oh, very much.
It's 7th Avenue.
It's the Gorman Center.
I mean, she goes to Paris, her big triumph.
I mean, her whole life she dreamed that she'd have a show, you know, a fashion show during Fashion Week in Paris.
And sort of the high point of the book is when
She finally takes her collection to Paris.
She's afraid it's going to fail, and she brings it to Paris, sort of a reverse thing, and gets to conquer the city that Coco conquered.
So you must have had a pretty good sense that you knew the 7th Avenue life, culture.
I'm sorry that I...
I had a pretty good sense of what?
I had a pretty good sense of 7th Avenue life and culture before you started.
Well, I mean, as I said, I've lived in New York all my life.
It's hard to avoid.
Hey, I used to shop wholesale on 7th Avenue, you know?
What do you think?
I'll quote the Woody Allen line, the only sin in my religion was to buy retail.
So, you know, I...
Yeah, I think it's hard to live in New York without knowing some Garmentos, and I was fascinated by them, you know?
I mean, writers, you know, we spend, people think, oh, they say to you, I'm sure they say to you, you're a writer, how fascinating.
Well, we spend our lives alone in rooms with, you know, pads of paper or laptops, and
Tell me what's fascinating about that.
If you're lucky, you come out with a book that's fascinating.
What kind of a response do you expect, say, from people in the fashion business?
It's going to be interesting.
Most of the people that I spoke to talked off the record and didn't want an acknowledgement.
Some people did.
Some people acknowledged.
And other people mentioned in the book as a sort of hat tip.
But it's going to be very interesting to see.
I don't know.
I mean, I got way over 500 letters from first wives who said, yeah, that was my life except mine was worse.
Hmm.
and I never expected that.
I did a lot of research with actresses when I did Flavor of the Month, and although I got some flack from producers who said, you make it all sound much worse than it is, I think that women in Hollywood have by and large...
validated the book.
So I'll see.
I mean, I don't know.
John Fairchild can raise up on his back legs and say, in the worst piece of trash ever put out, doesn't understand, doesn't know, indicts us unfairly.
I don't know.
I guess we'll know in about a month's time, won't we?
Well, is it an indictment?
I don't think so.
I think it's a pretty well-balanced view.
I think what I'm indicting is the fact that, once again, not the creative people who are out there envisioning a look and then creating it.
I think those guys are okay.
It's the...
you know, marketing of this that becomes such a huge, you know, it's a 52 billion, I hope you heard the beat, billion dollar industry a year.
Big time.
And so if I buy, if you buy a navy blue blazer, you know, how long are you going to keep wearing it?
I don't hear you.
No, I'm just, it's interesting.
Well, listen, I don't want to build up your phone bill too high here.
I will read the book, and I'm certainly looking forward to writing this piece.
Did I give you enough... Yeah, I'm looking for... I'm just... Again, I wish I had a better idea of what the other stories in this issue were like.
You know what it's like.
You're trying to...
visualize this article in its context.
Right.
I really think it's safe to say that it's going to raise the hackles, may well raise the hackles of some designers in the industry.
Well, that's good.
Yeah, I think so, and that it'll be controversial, without doubt, and that it covers all of the obsession and compulsion of
of, you know, shopping, shoplifting, the, you know, anorexia and bulimia of the fashion world, but it also...
covers kind of the joy of self-expression and the fun and sensuality.
You know, women can't keep out of the stores.
Why not?
Because there's something very thrilling, you know, about the touch of a sensuous fabric.
And do you get that?
Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
I mean, I... So the kicker here is you haven't cured yourself of this particular affliction, have you?
Oh, I don't think so.
But, you know...
I might wind up having my clothes tax deductible.
Isn't that enviable?
Yeah, that's great.
We'll have to see.
You publish that in the IRS.
It'll probably be down on my head.
But hey, maybe they will be.
Now, what's the status of the movies now?
The First Wives Club?
First Lives Club is being produced by Scott Rudin at Paramount.
How do you spell his name?
S-C-O-T-T.
No, I got the Scott.
Yeah, R-U-D-I-N.
Okay.
He's the guy who did Adam's Family Values and The Firm.
Oh, that's good.
What talent do they have?
What people?
I'm sorry?
What actors?
Well, I...
I'll tell you who they're talking to.
I can't tell you anything more.
Okay, so it's not really in production just yet, then?
No, no, no.
They've got a script, and right now, let's see, they're talking about Diane Keaton for one lead.
It's three women, Diane Keaton, possibly Kathy Bates, and possibly, oh, what's her name?
Oh.
It doesn't matter.
The daughter of the, what's his name, Ford, John Houston.
Oh, Angelica Houston.
Angelica Houston.
That was the last I heard.
You know, Nick, I have to tell you, the writer is the last to know.
Oh, yeah.
They don't care.
Well, it's property.
Scott Rudin doesn't return my call.
I asked George Higgins once if he liked the movie about the Friends of Eddie Coyle, and he said, hey, the check cleared the bank.
Exactly.
I mean, that's how you have to do it.
I'll tell you what I said.
When I spoke with Sherry Lansing, who bought the book, you know, she did...
fatal attraction and all of that.
She's the boss now at Paramount.
She bought the book and I said, Sherry, I just want you to promise that you won't change the end.
And she said, Olivia, you're putting your baby up for adoption.
Once it's mine, we'll put it in any school we want to.
I like that.
That's good.
That's excellent.
And that's the truth, too.
Yeah.
And you have to accept that, too.
I was going to say, you can't have it both ways.
You put the kid up for adoption, it gets adopted.
There you go.
You know, if it's raised a Catholic, that's the way it goes.
So, I mean, I can live with that.
Well, listen, I'm going to let you go.
I'll come up with something I'm sure that's good.
Okay, and let me give you one more phone number.
Okay.
Just in case if you have any trouble or if they don't send, we had your publisher's address and everything to send the photo and the rest of it.
Right.
But if you need any background information or any of my clippings and reviews, did you get any of that stuff?
No.
In fact, I'd like to get some of that stuff overnight if I could.
Why is she so stupid?
That's all right.
I've got some stuff here to start with.
Don't forget.
We're just putting this thing together quickly.
Here's somebody smart.
Okay.
Her name is Nancy Robinson.
Nancy Robinson.
And her phone number, she's actually not too far from you.
Okay.
She's my secretary, and she's at 802.
Her home is 885.
Hold on.
885.
4718.
But what time is it there now?
It's about 2 o'clock.
If you call her right now, she's probably at my office.
Okay, the area code is 802?
Right.
Okay.
Right now, she's probably at my office, which is 802.
Mm-hmm.
885.
I'm sorry, you said 885.
Do that once more.
I'm sorry, it's 802-875-4645.
4645.
Right, and today is Thursday, right?
Yep.
So she's there usually until 3 o'clock on Thursdays.
If you call her now and say you'd like some past reviews and stuff.
Clips.
She can't send you any.
The book is not out yet.
I've got the book.
I've got a reader's edition.
But maybe she could fax me some things.
Okay.
Well, she can fax it or she can FedEx it, whatever's going to be faster.
Whatever she can do is fine.
You can call her.
At her home, she has a machine.
In my office, I don't have a machine, but I have my faxed.
So you can call her and you can just tell her exactly what you want, past reviews, past articles.
Some articles would be good, just to see what we've got.
Well, listen, thank you so much for your time.
I'm going to let you go.
My pleasure.
Hey, listen, if they do print 150,000 of these, and they seem to be, and it goes up to the list,
Keep a hold of that reader's copy.
Apparently they get valuable.
I just wrote a book.
My book will be published by Holt early next year.
It's on the passion for books.
So I know a little bit about these things.
Fiction or not?
It's nonfiction, actually.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours.
Sure.
Okay.
As soon as I get a hardcover, I know Paul took your address.
I'll send you a copy.
I'll send you a copy of my last book.
Sounds great.
I mean, I'm a book lover from way back.
That's the title of my book.
I'm going to shut off the tape record here.
My worst nightmare is to be at an airport or on a holiday without a book to read.
I'd hate that.
And I collect books like a maniac, and now I have money to do it.
Oh, isn't that nice?
Yeah, it's wonderful.
So I'd love to see you there.
Well, you will.
Carter Burden is in my book.
Oh, see, I didn't know.
Is he a bibliophile?
Oh, my God.
He has the great collection of 20th century American.
I mean, there's nothing like it.
There's 70,000 books.
I mean.
No.
Wow.
You want to hear it?
Your recorder is off, right?
It's on again.
You want me to put it off?
Put it off, yeah.
Okay.